## 2.1 Overview

The idea of the implementation of Incarnos system is to make a usable custom made system within  Foundry VTT for PnP games. The Incarnos system consists of mechanics and preqreuisites that are as followed:

## 2.2 Goals Prerequisites

To make Incarnos a fully playable system, it is important that first and foremost the system itself has been designed and built on "paper". This has happened, but for the sake of concisesness of this documentation, I will go through it directly in the implementation with explanations.

It is important to note that the prerequisites can be always extended. The basic goal is to make something as slim and functional as possible before adding features to it. Therefore this documentation will only show the most basic of progress made.

## 2.3 Actors

As players play a fictional character, these must be implemented first. This also applies to the gamemaster who plays all fictional non-player characters. Foundry calls these entities "actors". I will differentiate them into two types:

### 2.3.1 Characters

Characters are the player's fictional characters, also known as protagonists. These actors hold important information such as :
- Attributes: 
	- statistical values, that indicate a character's capability
- Stats: 
	- derivative values, that are calculations from their attributes
- Items
	- text based entities, that are also able to be called as a roll-function
- Features
	- text based entities, that may or may not give additional values to attributes/stats
- Spells
	- test based entities, that are also able to be called as a roll-function (and maybe more on a GUI level)
- Background Story
	- text only for the sake of coolness

### 2.3.2 NPCs

NPC stands for "None Player Character" which will be any character played by the gamemaster. These NPCs hold the same information as characters, but they additionally hold:
- Challenge Rating 
	- a numerical value, that indicates its power (and mostly for coolness and helpfulness as balancing indicator for the gamemaster)

## 2.4 Foundry-Items

Foundry itself gives a rough base framework in which the system can be realized. This Base Framework consists of easy implementations of certain things that are called "Items" (from Foundry). These objects do not serve any purpose other than to make them callable through UI once they are filled with functionability. On a base level 

Following items are to be set as goals:

### 2.4.1 Items

Items in the game such as weapons, wondrous trinkets, etc.. These will mostly be implemented as text. These are not the same as "Foundry-Items" that are a super-type it inherits functions from.

### 2.4.2 Features 

Features can be anything from race to special traits that have affect in the game through the character. These will mostly be implemented as text.

### 2.4.3 Spells

Spells are an integral part of the PnP system since it is founded in the fantasy genre. Spells will mostly be implemented as text.

## 2.5 Frontend and User Interface

To make anything from the system accessible, there must be a frontend provided. This is mostly done in HTML/CSS. Actor information are going to be accessed in what is called a "charactersheet". In those charactersheets, all information and items will be displayed by "drag and drop" (provided by Foundry). For HTML and CSS respectively, I have low experience, so it was natural that most of knowledge acquirement was made by comparing my code and already existing system codes.

I found three core technologies that were used additionally in HTML/CSS:
- Handlebars
	- a simple templating language that makes using HTML easier
- SCSS/SASS
	- a simple language that is "easier to use with additional functions"-CSS that compiles back into CSS with a SASS-Compiler
- gulp
	- mostly used in this project to compile and monitor CSS into SASS

## 2.6 Backend 

The main language for the backend is going to be Javascript. Foundry provides the system developer with a whole lot of base features such as already usable user interface, actor-objects, item-objects that need to be filled with life. For every altercation that is made in the Frontend, there must be an associated Backend object that communicates with the Frontend. 

Since it is easier to do that now than later, I experimented with the idea of adding a language pack (default english) in case I ever want to be able to publish it multilanguage in the future. 

To go deeper into detail, I will talk about all the files in the project directly in the documentation itself.


